There were thirty-eight patients on the bus the morning I left for Hanover , most of them disturbed and hallucinating . 
An interne , a nurse and two attendants were in charge of us . 
I felt lonely and depressed as I stared out the bus window at Chicago 's grim , dirty West Side . 
It seemed incredible , as I listened to the monotonous drone of voices and smelled the fetid odors coming from the patients , that technically I was a ward of the state of Illinois , going to a hospital for the mentally ill . 
I suddenly thought of Mary Jane Brennan , the way her pretty eyes could flash with anger , her quiet competence , the gentleness and sweetness that lay just beneath the surface of her defenses . 
We had become good friends during my stay at Cook County Hospital .

I was giving the parked cars the once-over . 
The Oldsmobile with the license number JYJ 114 was in stall number five . 
`` Okay '' , I said to the attendant , `` I 'll let you know if I close the deal on the office in this building '' . 
I walked with him back to the entrance . 
He gave me a ticket on the agency car and parked it . 
I was back in ten minutes . 
`` Forgot to get something out of the car '' , I told him , showing him my ticket .

He put in a call to Cunningham from his hotel room . 
The maid answered and he decided Nancy must be at work . 
Jeb cautioned him not to be too hopeful and then , ignoring his own advice , said excitedly , `` But it does sound good . 
A woman named Lisa who tells nobody anything about herself . 
That courtyard picture with the same initials '' . 
`` I 'm not exactly jumping up and down with enthusiasm .

Seated in front of the desk , Hank said , `` I 'm looking for some information with very little to go on , Sheriff '' . 
He explained the background of the case , ending with the tenuous clue which had brought him to Gulf Springs . 
The sheriff 's swivel chair tilted back . 
`` So you 're looking for a woman who married a man who might have lived here a year ago and might have been poisoned . 
If there was such a person , I 'm afraid she got away with it . 
Pity we do n't know more about him . 
I think the best bet is to go through the society columns of last year and see if any of the grooms match with the obituaries a little later . 
It 'll be a tedious job , but if you want to try it , the old newspaper files are in the basement here in the county supervisor 's office '' . 
`` Maybe the society editor would remember a good-looking out-of-town bride '' . 
`` That 's an idea .

The recent experiments in the new poetry-and-jazz movement seen by some as part of the `` San Francisco Renaissance '' have been as popular as they are notorious . 
`` It might well start a craze like swallowing goldfish or pee-wee golf '' , wrote Kenneth Rexroth in an explanatory note in the Evergreen Review , and he may have been right . 
Under the general heading `` poetry-and-jazz '' widely divergent experiments have been carried out . 
Lawrence Ferlenghetti and Bruce Lippincott have concentrated on writing a new poetry for reading with jazz that is very closely related to both the musical forms of jazz , and the vocabulary of the musician . 
Even musicians themselves have taken to writing poetry . 

I called the other afternoon on my old friend , Graves Moreland , the Anglo-American literary critic -- his mother was born in Ohio -- who lives alone in a fairy-tale cottage on the Upson Downs , raising hell and peacocks , the former only when the venerable gentleman becomes an angry old man about the state of literature or something else that is dwindling and diminishing , such as human stature , hope , and humor . 
My unscientific friend does not believe that human stature is measurable in terms of speed , momentum , weightlessness , or distance from earth , but is a matter of the development of the human mind . 
After Gagarin became the Greatest Man in the World , for a nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in careerism , Moreland wrote me a letter in which he said : `` I am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum , or how far it can fly . 
A bee 's place is in the hive '' . 
`` I have come to talk with you about the future of humor and comedy '' , I told him , at which he started slightly , and then made us each a stiff drink , with a trembling hand . 
`` I seem to remember '' , he said , `` that in an interview ten years ago you gave humor and comedy five years to live . 
Did you go to their funeral '' ? ? 
`` I was wrong '' , I admitted . 

The Rhode Island property tax 
There was a time some years ago when local taxation by the cities and towns was sufficient to support their own operations and a part of the cost of the state government as well . 
For many years a state tax on cities and towns was paid by the several municipalities to the state from the proceeds of the general property tax . 
This tax was discontinued in 1936 . 
Since that time the demands of the citizens for new and expanded services have placed financial burdens on the state which could not have been foreseen in earlier years . 
At the same time there has been an upgrading and expansion of municipal services as well . 
Thus , there has come into being a situation in which the state must raise all of its own revenues and , in addition , must give assistance to its local governments . 
This financial assistance from the state has become necessary because the local governments themselves found the property tax , or at least at the rates then existing , insufficient for their requirements .

Special districts in Rhode island . 
It is not within the scope of this report to elaborate in any great detail upon special districts in Rhode Island . 
However , a word should be mentioned in regard to them as independent units of government . 
There are forty-seven special district governments in Rhode Island ( excluding two regional school districts , four housing authorities , and the Kent County Water Authority ) . 
These forty-seven special purpose governments have the authority to levy taxes , to borrow money , own property , sue and be sued , and in general to exercise normal corporate powers . 
Unlike cities and towns , however , they do not have to submit any financial statements to the state Bureau of Audits . 
It is not an exaggeration to say that the state government has little or no fiscal control over these units of government . 
In addition to the collection of service charges , the special districts levy annual property taxes of approximately $ 450 , 000 .

She was a child too much a part of her environment , too eager to grow and learn and experience . 
Once , they were at Easthampton for the summer ( again , Fritzie said , a good place , even though they were being robbed ) . 
One soft evening -- that marvelous sea-blessed time when the sun 's departing warmth lingers and a smell of spume and wrack haunts everything -- Amy had picked herself off the floor and begun to walk . 
Fritzie was on the couch reading ; ; 
